BSPIMX8M-3631: bsp: imx8mp-libra-fpsc: add gpio expander (#322)
phytec/doc-bsp-yocto: source/bsp/imx8/imx8mp-libra-fpsc/head.rst

:linux-phytec-imx:`tree/v6.6.23-2.0.0-phy10/arch/arm64/boot/dts/freescale/imx8mp-phycore-som.dtsi#L76`

.. |gpio-expander-dt-link| replace:: :linux-phytec-imx:`tree/v6.6.52-2.2.0-phy16/arch/arm64/boot/dts/freescale/imx8mp-libra-rdk-fpsc.dts#L189`

> .. include:: ./gpios.rsti

Reviewer: Simplified:
```suggestion
.. include:: gpios.rsti
```

:linux-phytec-imx:`tree/v6.6.23-2.0.0-phy10/arch/arm64/boot/dts/freescale/imx8mp-phycore-som.dtsi#L76`

.. include:: /bsp/imx-common/peripherals/gpios.rsti

>    :end-before: .. gpio-gpiochip-table

Reviewer: Could you put this into a separate file named `gpio.rsti`, located in `source/bsp/imx8/imx8mp-libra-fpsc/`, so it can be included by future PD versions of this manual? See `source/bsp/imx8/imx8mp/emmc.rsti` for a similar example.

Author: Thats a bit tricky. The chapter has bullet points and I found no way to keep the indentation sane over the includes.
If I factor out the complete change, I also have the Link to the DT in here. So they Block will change next release.
If I factor out the short text before the head.rst need to add the DT reference and the include of the rest of the common gpio.rsti.

Factor out the complete and use.

So keeping it in head.rst and copy it for releases seems the least ugly choice for me.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to write a more generic text in `source/bsp/imx-common/peripherals/gpios.rsti`, describing the potential existence of a GPIO expander and the resulting console output? I mean, the usage stays the same, so there is little to no benefit in trying to exactly describe the exact gpiochips for every machine.

*  GPIO expander

>    Beside the GPIOs of the |soc| SoC, the |sbc| has a GPIO expander, which adds more GPIOs to the system.

Reviewer: Wrap to 80 characters, as per the [guidelines](https://github.com/phytec/doc-bsp-yocto/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.rst#textwidth): 
```suggestion
   Beside the GPIOs of the |soc| SoC, the |sbc| has a GPIO expander, which adds
   more GPIOs to the system.
```

   .. code-block:: console

      gpiochip5 [4-0020] (16 lines)

>    DT configuration for the GPIO expander can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Device tree configuration of the GPIO expander can be found here:
```
